0.0.1.2 Release Notes

Primary Goal:  Add module functionality:

	- The main purpose of the 2nd alpha release was to create the module struction, allowing modules to be created, assigned and hidden from specific pages.
	
	- We also separated the concepts of "pages" and "apps."  Pages load apps, but apps can be loaded by multiple pages.
	
	- Modules are assigned based on the page.  This is similar to ItemID (Menu Items) in Joomla.
	
	- Modules are published via "module positions" in the template.  Multiple modules can be assigned in each position, and they are ordered via an ordering parameter in the db
	
	- Two demo module were created for the purposes of testing.
	
Questions: 	
	
	- Will the splitting of the 'pages' and 'apps' be fine enough when assigning modules.  I think so, as you can have modules assing to one itteration of an app on one page, but not on the itteration of the app on another page.
	
	- At this point I really want apps and module to be completely discreet from the core application.  The application should run without error without any apps in place... none of them, even the 'core' apps should be required.
		I'm not conviced this is going to be possible, but I am going to hold it as a guiding principle.
		That having been said, the 404 app is already breaking that rule, so, perhaps finding a different way to handle 404 errors will be in order
		Tho, I kinda like having an app to handle that.  See why this is in the 'questions' section?

Table: Pages
			pageID
			handle
			getApp
		
Table: Templates
			templateID
			name
			dflt
			assigned

Table: Modules
			id
			name
			position
			pages
			hidden
			params
			ordering			


What's next:	
	

0.0.1.3	
Goal: To add login module and functionality

Create Users app
Create login module with popup
Create Login handling
Write cookie management functions	
Language file update
	
Future releases planned:	

0.0.1.4
Goal: To create the Articles core app

Allow you to enter article content and title.
Create Category and Tagging functionality
Create an article view of the article, with the handle generated based on the title
Create a Category view with all articles in that category
Create a Tag view with all articles with a give tag
Language file update

0.0.1.5
Goal: to create a rudimentary administrator app

Create Pages manager
Create Modules manager
Create Apps Manager
Language file update
	
	
**** 
NOTE 0.0.1.5 marks the end the alpha stage.  All essential functionality and the first core apps and modules are now in 
place.  Beta phase can begin.
****



Below here was for episodapop, but is no longer part of the roadmap for Sodapop:

0.0.1.4
Goal: To add front-end and profile view checklist display module

	Create checklist module
	Checklist module will: 
switch based on page
		pull data from episodes table
		Allow user to sort based on column heading
		Allow user to filter based on column heading
	Language file update	

0.0.1.5
Goal: To allow registered users to check episode in checklist in profile view

	Update module view on profile page with checkboxes
Receive checkbox data and process it to database
Add “Viewed Previously” checkbox
Register checks to “Events Table”

****
Note: Alpha Testing can begin after 0.0.1.5
****

0.0.1.6
Goal: To display events streams on front, profile and episode pages

	Create events module
	Events module will pull from events table 	
	Events module will switch based on page
		Front page will show all events
		Profile page will show events for that user
		Episode will show events for that event

0.0.1.7
Goal: To add Top-of-page stats
	
	Create primary stats modules for show, episode and profile
	Create ratings modules for show
		Top Watchers
		Top Watched	
		Highest Rated
	Create reatings modules for Episode
		Top Watchers
		Episode rating and Rank
		Smackdown wins
	Creat ratings modules for Profile
		Number of Episodes Watched
		Favorite Episode
		Quiz ranking	
		Watch Percentage	
	Add Google Charts
		Show page: episode watch counts
		Episode Page: timeline / watch counts
Profile: timeline / watch percentage over time
         
		
0.0.1.8
Goal: Add Smackdown Module
	Create module with iframe, pulling in smackdown page
	Create Smackdown page
	Create Smackdown answer handler

0.1.9
Goal: Add Quiz Module
	Create module with iframe, pulling in Quiz page
	Create Quiz page
	Create Quiz results handler
